Jira DOC-716: Fix broken links in in-page table of contents (#1376)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/embeds/hardware-requirements-embed.md

- Cores:
    - When the CPU load reaches a certain level, Redis Enterprise Software sends an alert to the operator.

    - If your application is designed to put a lot of load on your Redis database, make sure that you have at least one available core for each shard of your database.

    - If some of the cluster nodes are utilizing more than 80% of the CPU, consider migrating busy resources to less busy nodes.

    - If all the cluster nodes are utilizing over 80% of the CPU, consider scaling out the cluster by [adding a node]({{< relref "/rs/administering/adding-node.md" >}}).

- RAM:

>     - Redis uses a relatively large amount of buffers, which enable replica communication, client communication, pub/sub commands, and more.  As a result, you should ensure that 30% of the RAM is "unused" on each node at any given time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Redis uses a relatively large number of buffers, which enable replica communication, client communication, pub/sub commands, and more.  As a result, you should ensure that 30% of the RAM is "unused" on each node at any given time.
```

Author: Fixed.

>     - If one or more cluster nodes are utilizing more than 65% of the RAM, consider migrating resources to less active nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If one or more cluster nodes utilizes more than 65% of the RAM, consider migrating resources to less active nodes.
```

Author: Fixed.

    - If all the cluster nodes are utilizing over 70% of the RAM, you should look to scale out the cluster by [adding a node]({{< relref "/rs/administering/adding-node.md" >}}).

>     - Do not run other memory-consuming systems on the Redis Software node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Do not run any other memory-intensive processes on the Redis Software node.
```

Author: Fixed.
